Project Proposal
Step Two of your first capstone is all about fleshing out your project idea. For this step,
please write a proposal based on the project idea you agreed on with your mentor. 

This proposal should be a 1-2 page document that answers the following questions:
1. What goal will your website be designed to achieve?

Web app will be a travel companinon that gives local weather, lodging, and, restaraunts and entertainment based on user prefrences

2. What kind of users will visit your site? In other words, what is the demographic of your users?

Anyone who likes to travel or travels frequently for work or vacation.

3. What data do you plan on using? You may have not picked your actual API yet,
which is fine, just outline what kind of data you would like it to contain.

May need to consume multiple APIs
need the following data
a. weather
b. nearby lodging
c. nearby restauraunts
d. nearby entertainment


4. In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not
know everything in advance and that these details might change later). 

The first thing I want to do is find reliable stable free APIs to consume
Once that is done i want to desing very basic login, input form for preferences, location, etc
and display info from the API calls based on user preferences

Answer questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:
a. What does your database schema look like?

user 
{ email 
Password
Prefrences {
    location(s)(will store multiple locations for user)
    cuisine(e.g. american, chinese, italian, japanese, etc)
    entertainment(movies, music, theatre, etc)
}
}

b. What kinds of issues might you run into with your API?

Hopefully i will be able to find a stable API and it is likely the user schema will change based what info is available from the API

c. Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?

Passwords and emails/user-names will need to be encrypted

d. What functionality will your app include?
described above, suggestions for lodging , food, entertainment based on location and prefrences...

e. What will the user flow look like?

Login - select location and prefrences, show view with weather in selected location and suggestions from prefrences

f. What features make your site more than CRUD? Do you have any stretch
goals?

retrieving data from aa seperate API based on stored data makes it more than just CRUD
I'll be happy if I can create a MVP in a reasonable amount of time...

